Seant/8 (#224)
navapbc/platform-test: README.md

| App Name                                                                                     | Dev URL                                           | Prod URL                           |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| app <br /> ([source](https://github.com/navapbc/template-infra/tree/main/template-only-app)) | https://platform-test-dev.navateam.com            | https://platform-test.navateam.com |
| app-flask <br /> ([source](https://github.com/navapbc/template-application-flask))           | https://app-flask.platform-test-dev.navateam.com |                                    |
| app-nextjs <br /> ([source](https://github.com/navapbc/template-application-nextjs))         | https://app-nextjs.platform-test-dev.navateam.com |                                    |
| app-rails <br /> ([source](https://github.com/navapbc/template-application-rails))           | https://app-rails.platform-test-dev.navateam.com/ |                                    |

## Applications

### app-flask

> Flask application using [template-application-flask](https://github.com/navapbc/template-application-flask).
> 
> **API Documentation:**
> - Dev: https://app-flask.platform-test-dev.navateam.com/docs
> 
> **Authentication:**
> To retrieve the API key for the dev environment:
> ```bash
> aws ssm get-parameter --name "/app-flask-dev/api-auth-token" --with-decryption --query Parameter.Value --output text
> ```

Reviewer: I'd maybe do something like:

```suggestion
#### API
You can view API docs at `/docs` on the above URLs, in [dev for example](https://app-flask.platform-test-dev.navateam.com/docs).

To retrieve the API key for use in the dev environment:
```bash
aws ssm get-parameter --name "/app-flask-dev/api-auth-token" --with-decryption --query Parameter.Value --output text
```
```

### app-nextjs

Next.js application using [template-application-nextjs](https://github.com/navapbc/template-application-nextjs).

**Resources:**
- Storybook: https://navapbc.github.io/platform-test/app-nextjs/storybook/

> 

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to drop this section until we've confirmed storybook is working.
